Merging template updates 2.7.1 (#890)
nf-core/sarek: docs/usage.md

Tip: you can replicate the issue by changing to the process work dir and entering the command `bash .command.run`
```

#### For beginners

> A first step to bypass this error, you could try to increase the amount of CPUs, memory, and time for the whole pipeline. Therefor you can try to increase the resource for the parameters `--max_cpus`, `--max_memory`, and `--max_time`. Based on the error above, you have to increase the amount of memory. Therefore you can go to the [parameter documentation of rnaseq](https://nf-co.re/rnaseq/3.9/parameters) and scroll down to the `show hidden parameter` button to get the default value for `--max_memory`. In this case 128GB, you than can try to run your pipeline again with `--max_memory 200GB -resume` to skip all process, that were already calculated. If you can not increase the resource of the complete pipeline, you can try to adapt the resource for a single process as mentioned below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A first step to bypass this error, you could try to increase the amount of CPUs, memory, and time for the whole pipeline. Therefor you can try to increase the resource for the parameters `--max_cpus`, `--max_memory`, and `--max_time`. Based on the error above, you have to increase the amount of memory.
Therefore you can go to the [parameter documentation of sarek](https://nf-co.re/sarek/3.1.1/parameters) and scroll down to the `show hidden parameter` button to get the default value for `--max_memory`.
In this case 128GB, you than can try to run your pipeline again with `--max_memory 200GB -resume` to skip all process, that were already calculated.
If you can not increase the resource of the complete pipeline, you can try to adapt the resource for a single process as mentioned below.
```
